Digital Media Production - Group 4
Advertised product: Energy Drink
Medium: Video Game

              NAME OF GAME

The game will be a 2D platformer with a cartoon art style, the player will control a female scientist with white hair that works in the research and development department of an energy drinks company, the scientist has gone to a tropical jungle in a ship to find new ingredients in order to create new flavours for the company’s flagship energy drink. On her journey to find new ingredients, the scientist encounters various obstacles that she will have to surpass in order to continue her journey.
    
	  The game will revolve around the scientist finding the ingredients, and when the obstacles are encountered, the scientist will use the aforementioned ingredients to make the energy drink that will grant her a power up (each ingredient has its own power up) and permit her to surpass the obstacle.

There will be six ingredients:
    Carrot 	(orange power up)	Seeing in the dark
    Blueberry 	(blue power up)	Throw rocks
    Apple 	(red power up)	Invisibility
    Banana 	(yellow power up)	Super strength
    Kiwi 		(green power up)	Minimize
    Grapes 	(purple power up)	Jump higher
    
The white hair of the scientist will change colour accordingly whenever she consumes one of the energy drinks.
 
  	The motivation behind this project is to advertise the product that our client has tasked us to. Energy drinks are often described as a boost in a person's energy and productivity, so when we decided to make the artefact a game it was unanimous that the product, the energy drink, should be a power up that grants the player the ability to surpass himself. The game will start with the player only being able to move left, right and jump but when an energy drink is consumed, the player will become more capable and will be able to go through obstacles that he couldn't before.
    
  	The game will feature a level system with stages. There will be two levels and in each there will be three stages, each stage will feature one of the ingredients and an obstacle that can only be surpassed when the ingredient is made into an energy drink and drank. The player will have three lives, when the player dies, he will respawn in the last checkpoint. If all three lives are lost the player will be sent back to the start of the level.

What does each ingredient do?
    Carrot: Gives the power to see in the dark, when she enters a cave for example, she will be able to see everything just like normal
    Blueberry: Gives the power to throw rocks, this could be used to break vines that are preventing a tree from falling, making it a bridge for the player to go through
    Apple: Gives the power of invisibility, this could be used to sneak past a dangerous zone, for example, there is a jaguar in the way and the player becomes invisible to go past it.
    Banana: Gives the power of super strength, this could be used to destroy a rock that is blocking the way.
    Kiwi: Transforms the scientist into a mini version of herself, this could be used to go through small places.
    Grapes: Gives the power to jump higher, this could be used to jump an obstacle, for example, there is a river with a really strong current and if she steps on it she will get swept.
